**Episode 3**

Episode Summary:
"First Man Down" -- Charlie, Jack, Carisa 
The kids take over and use their knowledge of the school to fend for themselves and make weapons, 
here Nathaniel takes charge and makes something batman related. Liam volunteers to go find the 
zombies and he gets eaten.

Story: 

In the CompSci room, which has been baricaded off using the blow up couch from world's, Nathaniel and Makoto are 
working hard on defending themselves. 

Everyone was panicking. The kids knew they could not just stay in the Cafeteria with MSW, Charlie, and Gordie on 
the loose. They tiptoed past the sandwich bar and ran to the elevators. Liam, pizza in hand, repeatedly pushed the 
down button on the elevator panel, but Nicky quickly interjected.

"Are you serious? You want to take the elevator and take the chance of getting stuck in the elevator or trapped by
the zombies??" Nicky questioned.

The kids looked at each other and, while Liam finished off his pizza, they ran towards the staircase and down the steps
toward the lobby.

"Ahhh" screamed Eliana as she flew back up the stairs.

"What? Are you ok?" Jack asked, oblivious to the flood of zombies marching slowly up the stairs.

As the rest of the kids saw the zombies, they all screamed, except for Dillon and Makoto who immediately started thinking
of the fact that they could no longer escape the building. They whipped around and took the steps, two at a time, 
until they were so out of breath they could not continue. The kids found themselves on the 11th floor where they 
quickly tried to come up with a plan.

"Ok. So we will be trapped here soon because the zombies are slowly infiltrating every floor of the school" exclaimed
Andrew.

"But nobody freak out, we have an advantage because we know the school much better than the zombies" cried Dillon.

"Obviously!!" Zach said, as he slowly shook his head.

Suddenly the floor cracked up and a rotten hand lunged out, grabbing Zach by his ankle. 

The Zombie dragged Zach toward its mouth and proceeded to take a chunk out of his leg. Always a quick thinker in these sorts of situations, Dillon took the 4 foot machete off of his back and hacked off the better part of Zach's lower leg.

"Oh no!" said Zach melodramatically, my basketball career is ruined!
